create owners file for artifacthub (#411)
hacbs-contract/ec-cli: task/0.1/README.md

# Verify Enterprise Contract Task

This task verifies a signature and attestation for an image and then runs a policy against the image's attestation using the ```ec validate image``` command.

## Install the task
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hacbs-contract/ec-cli/main/task/0.1/verify-enterprise-contract.yaml

## Parameters
### Required
* **IMAGES**: A JSON formatted list of images. 
### Optional

> * **POLICY_CONFIGURATION**: Name of the policy configuration (EnterpriseContractPolicy
>         resource) to use. `namespace/name` or `name` syntax supported. If
>         namespace is omitted the namespace where the task runs is used.

Reviewer: We also support inline policy here, perhaps something like:
```suggestion
* **POLICY_CONFIGURATION**: Name or inline policy in JSON configuration to use. For name `namespace/name` or `name` syntax supported. If
        namespace is omitted the namespace where the task runs is used. For inline policy provide the [specification](https://hacbs-contract.github.io/ecc/main/reference.html#k8s-api-github-com-hacbs-contract-enterprise-contract-controller-api-v1alpha1-enterprisecontractpolicyspec) as JSON.
```
